[13.0] Change sorting of locations in the pack putaway computation (#237)
OCA/wms: stock_storage_type_putaway_abc/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module implements chaotic storage 'ABC' according to Package Storage Type
and Location Storage Type.

The locations and products get an 'a', 'b' or 'c' storage (by default 'b').

For the computation of the putaway, the locations are sorted first by max

> height which is a physical constain to respect, then by 'ABC' following that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
height which is a physical constraint to respect, then by 'ABC' as following:
```

Author: Thanks. I fixed also the generated README.rst
